# Islandora UI Interest Group: (Impromptu) Meeting 02

## August 7, 2015, 3:00-3:30 PM ADT
## Location: UPEI Language Lab during Islandora Conference Hackfest

## Agenda/Notes

1. How can we get more folks involved?
* Communicate that it's not just for theming; that it's about making the UI easier to use.
* Ask for more testers. 
* Write a blog post once we've got a few tickets done
* Use the twitterverse / @islandora.
* Tag some tickets for novice developers who want to get involved.

2. What's our operating procedure? 
* Meetings are going to be monthly. 
* Once code is "proof-of-concept", push it to the Lab for testing. 
* Don't use the UIIG github to hold code; it would be better to keep test code in one place (Labs).
* It was mentioned that code can be submitted to the Foundation if two community sites are using it and will vouch for it. 
* We could do A/B testing with people who didn't write the code, to see if the changes are actually an improvement or just an alternate opinion. 
* We will move the "google doc" to Github's issues on the UIIG's Github. That way there will be built-in feedback and commenting enabled. It may raise a barrier to entry - but it's a pretty small one and there are other ways of submitting issues to us.
* Any time we may want to deconstruct and rebuild a module "for UI reasons" (e.g. Solution Pack Collection), we could fork it to Labs AND make a UX branch. This would be for long-term experiments, not for short issue fixes.

3. Any UI concerns from the room?

* Create a "manager's" block with "Add item to repository". 
* This block could also contain reports.
* When ingesting an object to a collection, have an "Ingest and Add Another" button.
* Make the Batch Ingest options easier to find.
* View All The Things! (View-ify the Collection Management tools wherever members of the collection are listed.)
* Views Bulk Operations, as mentioned in the hackfest.

