## Islandora User Interface Interest Group (UIIG) Agenda
Wednesday, August 26, 2:00pm - 3:00 PM EDT 
---

#### To join the meeting
* Send a skype contact request to rosemary.lib indicating you'd like to be part of the UIIG.

---

#### Agenda Items

- Introductions 
-  Notes from previous (Islandora Conf) meeting, namely
 - Github issues replacing Google Doc
 - Need for promotion among community as "not just theming"
- Administration
 - Anyone want to rotate Chair?
 - Notes
 - Monthly meeting date - 4th Wednesday at 2 Eastern?
- Any updates on [Tickets on Jira](https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?filter=13132)?
- Issues in [Github Issues](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-UI-Interest-Group/issues)
- Fedora 4
- A/B testing
- Report to Islandora board for November



