# Islandora User Interface Interest Group (UIIG) Agenda
Wednesday, September 23, 2015, 2:00pm - 3:00 PM EDT 
---

#### To join the meeting
* Send a skype contact request to rosemary.lib indicating you'd like to be part of the UIIG.

---
#### Attending
Rosie Le Faive, Tommy Keswick

#### Agenda Items
Jira Ticket Updates (including tickets that were tagged UIIG)
- 1362 - 7 open pull requests. 
- 1445 - Closed
- 1444 - Closed
- 1437 (New) - Open. Probably will impact a lot of places! Need to ensure back-compatibility. Considering that we expect islandora/object/PID/datastream/TN/view to resolve to something for almost every object, maybe this should be integrated into the API. 
- 1409 (New) - Open
- 1395 - Closed (Note: side-effect caused by solving ticket 1339). Maybe we should test for side-effects a little more carefully!

Fedora 4
- UIIG should be involved more. Let's get some VMs running, and document the process. This'll take priority, as it's more likely to result in long-term benefits - like installations not jumping ship for Hydra. 
