# Islandora User Interface Interest Group (UIIG) Agenda
Wednesday, November 25, 2015, 2:00pm - 3:00 PM EDT 
---

#### To join the meeting
* Send a skype contact request to rosemary.lib indicating you'd like to be part of the UIIG.

---
#### Attending
Rosie Le Faive, Tommy Keswick, Will Panting, Lingling Jiang

#### Agenda Items
Should we focus on Claw exclusively over 7.x-1.x?
- No. Until there's a stable release for Claw, all new projects will still use the 7.x-1.x version. However, it would benefit us to know the UI of Drupal 8. Tommy has been using a convenient D8 sandbox:  https://github.com/geerlingguy/drupal-vm


Jira Ticket Updates 
- [1535 Independent configuration for SPARQL Query endpoint](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1535) - The novel-length discussion asked us to weigh in on whether the configuration should be exposed through the admin GUI or tucked away in a .ini file. Adam Vessey mentioned some good reasons for keeping it in the .ini files and mentioning it in the README. We agreed. Comment made on Jira.
- [1532 Vertical tabs under "Collection" tab do not retain focus after form submit](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1532) - yes, it makes sense to do this for all vertical tabs. Comment made on Jira.
- [1409 After doing an advanced search, the query block displays the raw solr field](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1409) - Approved by Committers call but no takers, so it's in our To-Do queue.
- [1362 File upload during ingest should be optional.](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1362) - There are a pile of open pull requests but Rosie has to update them and make a global toggle for this in the admin page. While there was discussion for making the toggle content-model or collection-level, that would probably prevent this from ever getting finished - so we'll just make a global one and let the more specific toggles be a future feature request if they're desired.
- [1363 Allow users to bypass the ingest form steps for commonly used combinations of Collection/Content Model/Form.](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1363) - An ambitious ticket, and will require either forging a $form_state or creating a new ingest workflow. The latter seems less fragile. It's been noted that these requests tend to be cyclical, first clients will request a simpler form, then more features, until the form becomes so complicated that they request a simple form again. So with this caveat... there were no takers and it's still in the queue.
- [1225 focusing on a newly crearted tab in ingest/edit form](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1225) - Domagoj had already been tagged via Jira but hasn't made a pull request from the code he posted. We'll send him an email reminder. As was pointed out, it's not permissible for anyone else to make this pull request without his express permission, since he wrote the code.
- [1049 mods:nonSort and other title elements missing during ingest](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1049) - In the case of Batch, the desired xpath for the label could be made a parameter in the drush command to batch index, but we would still need a way to configure this in the form association for individual ingest. The fact that batch and individual ingest use largely different hooks has been a tricky point throughout 1.x. Since we know of use cases where the batch ingest is still the best method of importing, we expect a batch ingest workflow will be developed for 2.x and want to suggest that it be made with consistency with the one-at-a-time ingest in mind. Note that Migrate module is now core in D8. Ticket still in the queue.
- [1369 Radio buttons, buttons, and checkboxes can't CRUD XML](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1369) - Yeah, form builder is broken, but it's not worth putting effort in UNLESS it's ported to Claw. In any case, we foresee people still wanting to use nested XML forms in the future (like MODS) so we will likely end up with something Form-Builder-Like. The UIIG will offer support and advice to whoever undertakes this project, so the Ersatz-Form-Builder can be friendlier.

Next Meeting
- December 23, 2pm EST.

