# Islandora User Interface Interest Group (UIIG) Agenda
Wednesday, January 23, 2016, 2:00pm - 3:00 PM EDT 
There was no meeting in December due to holiday schedules.
---

#### To join the meeting
* Send a skype contact request to rosemary.lib indicating you'd like to be part of the UIIG.

---
## Attending

## Agenda 

### Jira Ticket Updates 

We actually closed some tickets! 
- [1571 When managing objects from a collection, you can only manage 10 children at a time](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1571)
- [1362  File upload during ingest should be optional.](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1362) - discuss meaning of optional in DS-COMPOSITE-MODEL?
- [1409 After doing an advanced search, the query block displays the raw solr field.](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1409)

In Progress
- [1361 Create a shortcut tab to edit the metadata datastream(s)](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1361)
 - (https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/islandora_uiig_edit_metadata) 
 - Can we get some testers? 
 - Is there a way to disambiguate tab names when multiple datastreams are editable?

New Tickets!: 
- [1567 Admin form is confusing.](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1567)


### Drupal 8


### Fedora 4



Next Meeting
- February 24, 2pm EST.

